#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
acid-xblock==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via geoip2
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via edx-tincan-py35
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   edx-ace
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   openedx-events
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   icalendar
    #   kombu
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via pynliner
billiard==4.1.0
    # via celery
bleach[css]==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-django-wiki
boto==2.39.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
boto3==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.10.84
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bridgekeeper==0.9
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
celery==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.2.0
    # via pysrt
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chem==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   nltk
    #   user-util
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
codejail-includes==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==38.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pgpy
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
cssutils==2.7.1
    # via pynliner
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via jwcrypto
django==3.2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-method-override
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-splash
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-search
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
    #   event-tracking
    #   help-tokens
    #   jsonfield
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-django-wiki
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   openedx-learning
    #   super-csv
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-statici18n
django-cache-memoize==0.1.10
    # via edx-enterprise
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-classy-tags==4.0.0
    # via django-sekizai
django-config-models==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-cors-headers==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   super-csv
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via openedx-blockstore
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via edx-enterprise
django-filter==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-blockstore
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
django-js-asset==2.1.0
    # via django-mptt
django-method-override==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   super-csv
django-mptt==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   openedx-django-wiki
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-mysql==4.11.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-oauth-toolkit==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-object-actions==4.1.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-pipeline==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   openedx-django-wiki
django-simple-history==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
django-splash==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-statici18n==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-storages==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edxval
django-user-tasks==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-blockstore
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   openedx-learning
    #   super-csv
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   botocore
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via openedx-blockstore
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-ace==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-api-doc-tools==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   openedx-blockstore
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   openedx-blockstore
edx-bulk-grades==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-celeryutils==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   super-csv
edx-codejail==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-completion==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edxval
    #   openedx-blockstore
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   super-csv
edx-drf-extensions==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
edx-enterprise==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-event-bus-redis==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-milestones==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-name-affirmation==2.3.6
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-user-state-client
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
edx-organizations==6.12.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-proctoring==4.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-proctoring-proctortrack
edx-proctoring-proctortrack==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-rbac==1.8.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
edx-search==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-submissions==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-search
    #   edxval
edx-token-utils==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-user-state-client==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
edx-when==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-proctoring
edxval==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   edx-search
enmerkar==0.7.1
    # via enmerkar-underscore
enmerkar-underscore==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
event-tracking==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-search
fastavro==1.8.2
    # via openedx-events
filelock==3.12.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
future==0.18.3
    # via pyjwkest
geoip2==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
glob2==0.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
help-tokens==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
icalendar==5.0.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via python3-saml
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.1
    # via nltk
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
jwcrypto==1.5.0
    # via pylti1p3
kombu==5.3.1
    # via celery
laboratory==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
lazy==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
libsass==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
lti-consumer-xblock==9.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edxval
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   olxcleaner
    #   openedx-calc
    #   python3-saml
    #   xblock
    #   xmlsec
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   acid-xblock
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-utils
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   openedx-django-wiki
markey==0.8
    # via enmerkar-underscore
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   chem
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   openedx-calc
    #   xblock
maxminddb==2.4.0
    # via geoip2
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
mongoengine==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   openedx-blockstore
newrelic==8.8.1
    # via edx-django-utils
nltk==3.8.1
    # via chem
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
olxcleaner==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
openedx-blockstore==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
openedx-calc==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
openedx-django-pyfs==3.4.0
    # via xblock
openedx-django-require==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
openedx-django-wiki==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
openedx-events==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
openedx-filters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
openedx-learning==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
openedx-mongodbproxy==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   snowflake-connector-python
path==16.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via edx-enterprise
paver==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   stevedore
pgpy==0.6.0
    # via edx-enterprise
piexif==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edxval
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via pgpy
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pyjwkest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pylti1p3
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via olxcleaner
pylti1p3==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   mongoengine
    #   openedx-mongodbproxy
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pynliner==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
pysrt==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edxval
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   icalendar
    #   olxcleaner
    #   xblock
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0 ; python_version >= "3"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   social-auth-core
python3-saml==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   icalendar
    #   olxcleaner
    #   openedx-blockstore
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   xblock
pyuca==1.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   xblock
random2==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   walrus
regex==2023.6.3
    # via nltk
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   geoip2
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pylti1p3
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sailthru-client
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   social-auth-core
ruamel-yaml==0.17.32
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   openedx-learning
s3transfer==0.1.13
    # via boto3
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via edx-ace
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
shapely==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   sailthru-client
    #   super-csv
    #   xblock-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   bleach
    #   chem
    #   codejail-includes
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-codejail
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-rbac
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   libsass
    #   paver
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowflake-connector-python==3.0.4
    # via edx-enterprise
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sorl-thumbnail==12.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   openedx-django-wiki
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   django
    #   openedx-blockstore
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
super-csv==3.0.1
    # via edx-bulk-grades
sympy==1.12
    # via openedx-calc
testfixtures==7.1.0
    # via edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via bleach
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via nltk
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   django-countries
    #   kombu
    #   pylti1p3
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   edx-enterprise
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
user-util==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
walrus==0.9.3
    # via edx-event-bus-redis
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   xblock
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/paver.txt
    #   deprecated
xblock[django]==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   acid-xblock
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-user-state-client
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-utils
xblock-utils==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
xmlsec==1.3.13
    # via python3-saml
xss-utils==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/kernel.in
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
